README.md, before:

# Django Project Template

This project was generated from the Momentum Django project template. This template sets up some minimal changes:

- [django-extensions](https://django-extensions.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) and [django-debug-toolbar](https://django-debug-toolbar.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) are both installed and set up.
- [django-environ](https://django-environ.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) is set up and the `DEBUG`, `SECRET_KEY`, and `DATABASES` settings are set by this package.
- A starting Django app named `core` is provided.
- There is a custom user model defined in `core.models.User`.
- There is a `templates/` and a `static/` directory at the top level, both of which are set up to be used.
- A `.gitignore` file is provided.
- [Pipenv](https://pipenv.pypa.io/en/latest/) is used to manage dependencies.

## Using this template

In an empty directory, run:

```
django-admin startproject --template=https://github.com/momentumlearn/django-project-template/archive/main.zip --name=Pipfile project .
pipenv install
pipenv shell
cp project/.env.sample project/.env
./manage.py makemigrations
./manage.py migrate
```

If you want to use another directory for your project directory, replace `project` above with the name of your directory.

Commit message:

Add model and endpoints for bookmarks and endpoint for user's answers

README.md, after:

# QuestionBox API

Documentation for endpoints in the QuestionBox API is available at https://questionbox-api.herokuapp.com/docs/

## What you can use this API to do

- Register a new user
- Logging in and out with token-based authentication
- Create a new question if you are logged in
- Post an answer to a question if you are logged in
- Get a list of all questions.
- Get a single question with all its answers.
- Get a list of all the questions you have posted, if you are logged in.
- Get a list of all the answers you have posted, if you are logged in.
- Mark an answer as accepted if you are the original author of the question
- Delete a question if you are its original author, whether answered or unanswered. If it is deleted, all associated answers will also be deleted.
- Authenticated users can bookmark or save a question or answer they like.
- Get a list of all your bookmarks if you are logged in.
- Search for keywords in the database by supplying a search term. The search term will be matched against the question title and body.
